It’s been a long time since I’ve been contacted by my network number. It’s a good idea.
Xu Dao, it's not your turn to quarrel with me yet
Internet Quality Accounts Hurry up and get the gun from Shuyu
I know it was filmed in the Food Room of Death
What do you want these things for?
Gunshuyu is thinking about me now
If I sent it to you
Why don't you worry if he runs away when he's angry?
I'm the buyer and you buy the gold necklace I give you.
You've all ended up in this place
Buy me a house too
I'll send you the gun and make it right now
If you want to directly deal with the midnight item, watch it
But if something goes wrong with its rules
I'll definitely help you
I will make the passion video now
Send it to the university team and let me go
This is Jiangsu dialect
When did he get really good just now? Is it true?
It really can't be malicious and shameless
It’s a great class reunion tonight
I want to speak our Jiangsu dialect, Ye Banxiang
I don't believe it
You see this in Jiangsu language
will remain indifferent
I'm waiting for you to come to me
This Xunhong is really the latest immortal
He wants to destroy me so much
Are you at this address?
Very long
You still use it?
This is a long story
why are you here
Those online officials
your video
They all follow the macro method, right?
Why didn't you call the police and arrest him? Jian Xuhong
Die like this
let me simply
Let him go crazy
In the end it just drove him crazy
Go to his eternal prison
your current brain
It's much brighter than before
Tonight my classmates will
Just go
It was me and Wang Zhehaozi Simi during his lifetime
Although it belongs to Xu Hanfa, Wang Zhehao
How can you give Xu Hanfa to others?
That's Wang Da
I see
Xu Han wanted to use this method to secure the performance. Zhu Yu, I'm sorry.
It's all because of my personal grudges with Xu Han
Talk to you thousands of miles away
Then let Xu Han quickly
This bastard
pay the price
I also have to thank him for letting me see the true face of Wang Zhehaozi.
Then go with Hong Xuejun tonight
If my guess is right
Xu Han also went back